# Online-Banking
##IDEA
The Internet Banking site enables the customers to perform the basic banking transactions by sitting at their office or at homes through PC or laptop or mobile phone. The customers can access the banks website for viewing their Account details and perform the transactions on account as per their requirements. Bank employee can login and add customer and account information perform transaction. With Internet Banking, the brick and mortar structure of the traditional banking gets converted into a click and portal model, thereby giving a concept of virtual banking a real shape. Thus today's banking is no longer confined to branches. E-banking facilitates banking transactions by customers round the clock globally.
The primary aim of this software is to provide an improved design methodology, which envisages the future expansion, and modification, which is necessary for a core sector like banking. This necessitates the design to be expandable and modifiable and so a modular approach is used in developing the software. Anybody who is an Account holder in this bank can become a member of online banking.
The project has been planned to be having the view of distributed architecture, with centralized storage of the database. The application for the storage of the data has been planned. Using the constructs of Oracle 10g and all the user interfaces have been designed using the JAVA. The database connectivity is planned using the “Database” methodology. The standards of security and data protective mechanism have been given a big choice for proper usage. The application takes care of different modules and their associated reports, which are produced as per the applicable strategies and standards that are put forwarded by the administrative staff.
The entire project has been developed keeping in view of the distributed client server computing technology, in mind. The specification has been normalized up to 3NF to eliminate all the anomalies that may arise due to the database transaction that are executed by the general users and the organizational administration. The user interfaces are browser specific to give distributed accessibility for the overall system. The internal database has been selected as Oracle 10g.The basic constructs of table spaces, clusters and indexes have been exploited to provide higher consistency and reliability for the data storage. The Oracle 10g was a choice as it provides the constructs of high-level reliability and security. The total front end was dominated using the HTML 5. At all proper levels high care was taken to check that the system manages the data consistency with proper business rules or validations. The database connectivity was planned using the latest “Database connection” technology provided by Oracle. The authentication and authorization was crosschecked at all the relevant stages. The user level accessibility has been restricted into two zones namely.


				
